Doc update (#123)
ROCmSoftwarePlatform/TransferBench: docs/index.rst

.. meta::

>   :description: TransferBench documentation

Reviewer: Improved description. Use some of the content from opening paragraph

Author: Done.

  :keywords: TransferBench, API, ROCm, documentation, HIP

****************************
TransferBench documentation
****************************

TransferBench is a utility to benchmark simultaneous transfers between user-specified devices (CPUs or GPUs). A transfer is a single operation where an executor reads and adds values from source (SRC) memory locations, then writes the sum to destination (DST) memory locations.
This simplifies to a simple copy operation when dealing with a single SRC or DST.

> For more information, see `<https://github.com/ROCm/TransferBench>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code is open and hosted at `<https://github.com/ROCm/TransferBench>`_.
```

Reviewer: This follows the standard at rocDecode
